What does the manual say about polyester webbing for traces?
How does the manual say to harness a camel?
What does the manual recommend for elephant harness?
Which leather supplier in Boston does the manual recommend?
What does the manual give as the price of a side of oak-tanned leather in 1880?
What rent does the manual say a harness shop pays in New York?
Who taught the author of the manual his trade?
What does the manual say about vegetable-tanned leather from India?
What does the manual say about using acetone to clean patent leather?
How does the manual say to make harness for goats?
What gauge of copper wire does the manual give for electro plating?
How many grams of silver per square inch does the manual specify for electro plate?
What does the manual say about stainless steel bits?
Which chemist does the manual credit with inventing celluloid?
What price per dozen does the manual quote for rubber covered buckles?
Which factory in Newark does the manual say made the first rubber mountings?
What does the manual say the vulcanator costs to build?
How many workmen does the manual say are needed to run a vulcanator?
What does the manual say about plastic buckles?
What does the manual say about Velcro fastenings on horse boots?
What thread brand does the manual recommend?
What does the manual say the price of No. 5 thread is per ball?
Which mill does the manual say spins the best harness thread?
What does the manual say about silk thread from China?
How many yards are in a ball of No. 0 thread, according to the manual?
What does the manual say a stitching-horse costs?
How tall should the stitching-horse be in inches, according to the manual?
What wood does the manual recommend for building a stitching-horse?
What does the manual say about left-handed stitchers?
What does the manual say about the pay of a stitcher per trace?
How many traces does the manual say a stitcher finishes in a day?
What does the manual say about eye strain from fine stitching?
What steel does the manual recommend for awl blades?
Which maker of awls does the manual recommend?
How does the manual say to temper an awl blade?
What does the manual say about using a thimble?
What does the manual say the best age of a steer is, in months, for harness hides?
Which breed of cattle does the manual say gives the best harness hides?
Which state does the manual name as raising the finest grained hides?
How many days does the manual say oak tanning takes?
What strength of tanning liquor in degrees does the manual give?
What does the manual say about tanning with quebracho?
What does the manual say about tanning with sumac?
What does the manual say about tanning leather with alum for traces?
How deep are the tanning vats, according to the manual?
What does the manual say a currier is paid per side?
Which currying oil brand does the manual warn against by name?
What does the manual say about fish oil prices?
What does the manual say about the import of neat's-foot oil?
How is neat's-foot oil manufactured, according to the manual?
What does the manual say about lard oil for restoring patent leather?
What temperature does the manual give for the drying room for patent leather?
How many days does patent leather varnish take to dry, according to the manual?
Who invented patent leather, according to the manual?
What does the manual say about Japanese lacquer on harness?
What does the manual say about white patent leather?
What does the manual say the thickness of enamel leather is in ounces?
Which month does the manual say is best for buying leather?
What discount for cash does the manual say leather dealers give?
What credit terms does the manual say leather dealers offer?
What does the manual say about buying leather at auction?
What does the manual say about leather from horse hides?
What does the manual say about using deerskin for hand parts?
What does the manual say about sharkskin?
How many straps can be cut from one back, according to the manual?
What does the manual say a draw gauge costs?
Which maker of round knives does the manual recommend?
How does the manual say to sharpen a round knife?
What angle does the manual give for the edge of a spokeshave?
What does the manual say about cutting leather with a die press?
What does the manual say about measuring ponies under twelve hands?
What does the manual say about harness for circus horses?
What does the manual say about cavalry saddles for the British army?
What does the manual say about side saddles for ladies?
What does the manual say about sleigh bells?
What does the manual say about fly nets?
What does the manual say about horse blankets?
What does the manual say about whips?
How does the manual say to braid a whip lash?
What does the manual say about oiling carriage axles?
What does the manual say about painting a carriage?
What does the manual say about shoeing a horse in winter?
How does the manual say to cure a horse of kicking?
What does the manual say about veterinary treatment for galls?
What does the manual say about the best feed for draft horses?
What does the manual say about stable ventilation?
What does the manual say about the size of a stall?
What does the manual say the harness room should measure in feet?
What does the manual say about moths in pad stuffing?
What does the manual say about using naphthalene in harness closets?
What does the manual say about kerosene for removing rust from bits?
What does the manual say about chromium plating?
What does the manual say about zinc plating of buckles?
What does the manual say about bronze terrets from France?
What does the manual say the price of a set of Grant mountings is?
Who designed the Bismarck mounting, according to the manual?
In what year was the Arlington mounting patented, according to the manual?
What is the patent number of the Centennial mounting, according to the manual?
Who holds the patent for the Imperial mounting, according to the manual?
What does the manual say about the price of gold plating per set?
How thick is the gold deposit in electro gilding, according to the manual?
What does the manual say about platinum plating?
What does the manual say about the purity of tin used for XC plate?
How many coats of japan are baked on japanned mountings, according to the manual?
At what oven temperature is japan baked, according to the manual?
What does the manual say about the price of logwood per pound?
Where does the manual say logwood is imported from?
What does the manual say about making black from iron and tannic acid powder?
What does the manual say about aniline brown for reins?
What does the manual say about green leather dye?
What does the manual say about blue stain for bridles?
What does the manual say about dyeing leather white?
How long does shellac varnish keep, according to the manual?
What does the manual say about the fire risk of boiling varnish?
What does the manual say about selling blacking to customers at retail?
